feat(MenuToggle): allow split action toggle text (#10256)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/MenuToggle/examples/MenuToggle.md

```

### Split button toggle with checkbox label

> To display text in a split button menu toggle, add a label to the `items` property of `splitButtonOptions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display a label for a checkbox within a split button menu toggle, pass `children` to the `MenuToggleCheckbox` that is passed into the `splitButtonOptions.items` property. Clicking this text will trigger the checkbox's `onChange`.
```

Or something along those lines.
